DOCS: Create Set-up-Xero-connection.md (#42422)
Expensify/App: docs/articles/new-expensify/connections/Set-up-Xero-connection.md

              <ul>
                 <li>Draft</li>
                 <li>Awaiting Approval</li>
                 <li>Awaiting Payment</li>                
              </ul>
           <li><b>Sync Reimbursed Reports</b>: Choose whether to enable report syncing for reimbursed expenses. If enabled, all reports that are marked as Paid in Xero will also show in Expensify as Paid. If enabled, you must also select the Xero account that reimbursements are coming out of, and Expensify will automatically create the payment in Xero.</li>
           <li><b>Xero Bill Payment Account</b>: If you enable Sync Reimbursed Reports, you must select the Xero Bill Payment account your reimbursements will come from.</li>
           <li><b>Xero Invoice Collections Account</b>: If you are exporting invoices from Expensify, select the invoice collection account that you want invoices to appear under once they are marked as paid.</li>
      </ul>
</ol>

{% include faq-begin.md %}

**How do I disconnect Xero from Expensify?**

1. Click your profile image or icon in the bottom left menu.
2. Scroll down and click **Workspaces** in the left menu. 

> 3. Select the workspace you want to book the travel under. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Select the workspace you want to disconnect from Xero. 
```

Author: @amyevans done—thank you!
